The following endpoint parameters can be passed:

name - The exact name of the card. You can pass multiple | separated names to this parameter (Baby Dragon|Time Wizard).
fname - A fuzzy search using a string. For example &fname=Magician to search by all cards with "Magician" in the name.
id - The ID of the card. You cannot pass this alongside name. You can pass multiple comma separated IDs to this parameter.
type - The type of card you want to filter by. See below "Card Types Returned" to see all available types.
    You can pass multiple comma separated Types to this parameter.
atk - Filter by atk value.
def - Filter by def value.
level - Filter by card level/RANK.
race - Filter by the card race which is officially called type (Spellcaster, Warrior, Insect, etc).
    This is also used for Spell/Trap cards (see below). You can pass multiple comma separated Races to this parameter.
attribute - Filter by the card attribute. You can pass multiple comma separated Attributes to this parameter.
link - Filter the cards by Link value.
linkmarker - Filter the cards by Link Marker value (Top, Bottom, Left, Right, Bottom-Left, Bottom-Right, Top-Left, Top-Right).
    You can pass multiple comma separated values to this parameter (see examples below).
scale - Filter the cards by Pendulum Scale value.
cardset - Filter the cards by card set (Metal Raiders, Soul Fusion, etc).
archetype - Filter the cards by archetype (Dark Magician, Prank-Kids, Blue-Eyes, etc).
banlist - Filter the cards by banlist (TCG, OCG, Goat).
sort - Sort the order of the cards (atk, def, name, type, level, id, new).
format - Sort the format of the cards (tcg, goat, ocg goat, speed duel, rush duel, duel links).
    Note: Duel Links is not 100% accurate but is close. Using tcg results in all cards with a set
    TCG Release Date and excludes Speed Duel/Rush Duel cards.
misc - Show additional response info (Card Views, Beta Name, etc.).
staple - Check if card is a staple.
has_effect - Check if a card actually has an effect or not by passing a boolean true/false.
    Examples of cards that do not have an actual effect: Black Skull Dragon, LANphorhynchus, etc etc.
startdate, enddate and dateregion - Query release dates for cards and the region of these release dates (TCG or OCG).
    What date format you pass to startdate and enddate can be slightly varied as our API picks up different formats and converts it regardless.
For example: Jan 01 2000 or 01/01/2000